Thanks for downloading our project and using Runit as your init of choice
for Linux From Scratch. A lot of hard work has gone into this project since
its original inception on the LinuxQuestions forums as a way to import a
new and fresh init and service management system into Linux From Scratch.

We've accomplished a lot thanks to many people who donated and allowed us
to use code and gave support. Thanks to many people we are at our first
official release as of 8-21-2014.

This implementation is comprised of:

RTM Release - 20140821

- Complete rewrite of the stage scripts using the method of Arch Ignite's
  monolithic bootscript design. We originally used the bazaar style with
  external scripts, but found a single script was easier to maintain and
  debug in the end.
  
- Our scripts have deprecated many of the init components from lfs-bootscripts 
  and blfs-bootscripts. These include init-functions, createfiles, modules, 
  clock, and a few others. In our Runit system, many of the functions of 
  those files are done by runit.conf or by the stages. Other traditional 
  init components still used by our Runit system have been modified not to 
  rely on init-functions (e.g., ipv4-static, ipv4-static-route, ifup, ifdown).
  And still others will be sourced for certain user-set parameters if they 
  exist (e.g., rc.site), otherwise our built-in defaults will be used.

- We also include a makeshift rc.local script to launch any legacy scripts
  and services prior to the services loading within Stage 2. Because runit
  is backwards compatible with System V scripting, we can effectively use
  legacy scripts and handlers to launch services. Do keep in mind any
  references to init-functions in Sysvinit scripts will have to be removed. 
  It's best to just use the command path with an echo message to launch a 
  service. As more runscripts become available, you may need this file less 
  and less.
  
- The package is centered around the release of Runit 2.1.1 or later versions.

- We also have reimplemented several utilities donated to various Runit-using
  distributions to function as SysV-like clones of shutdown, halt, and suspend.
  These files should assist greatly in compatibility with Desktop Environments
  and Window Managers.
  
- By default our system comes with two runlevels Single (for admin purposes only),
  and Multi (for general usage). You are free to add as many runlevels you like
  to Runit. For more information on that, visit: http://smarden.org/runit/runlevels.html
  and read Gerrit Pape's documentation.
  
- Our Stage 1 script supports far more than the typical LFS bootscript package
  and includes support for BtrFS partitions, network file systems, CGroups, and
  various other out-of-the-ordinary support vectors usually found on big name
  distributions.
  
Thank you all for your support, and well wishes in our endeavor.
